Going back to a reference document,
you'll see that I have an output section here.
I'm going to explain what this means shortly.
I'll copy these values and bring into our script.
Let's go over each one.
So the output section,
you have a VPC.
A VPC is obviously a container so you're going to be
placing servers and other resources inside of VPC.
So there's a good chance that if you have some other scripts that
creates a server or some other type of AWS resource,
that resource is going to require a VPC for you to put it on.
Of course, this is being created dynamically for you behind the scenes,
you don't know the VPCID until it's actually created.
So this is a good place to capture the VPCID,
store it in a variable,
and then we'll be able to be use that in some other scrip and some other file.
So we'll have a description,
we'll have a reference, in this case,
a reference to the VPC that we're creating in this file.
Then we have an Export.
The Export is exactly what I just mentioned.
We're going to give it a name and we're going to capture the VPCID along with this name.
Now, we're looking at this function which I believe we have not seen yet,
sub stands for substitution.
What this does is it will take this variable, in this case,
the parameter called Udacity project that we have in our parameter file,
and it will attach this text right here.
This is just text, it just says VPCID,
it could say anything you want,
anything that makes sense to you.
So in this case,
we're going to have something that says Udacity project dash VPCID,
and it's going to contain a value of the actual ID of the VPC that we just created.
That's the same logic that it applies to everything else down here.
All these values that I chose here,
the reasoning is that I already understand that I'm going to need
them in a potential new script that we're going to be creating,
you can just do all of them if you like but usually,
only a few makes sense to share,
like the VPCID routing table and so on and so forth.
So all the resources are going to have
a consistent name so that you can find them which is going to be
the name of your project dash some acronym that means something to you.
In this case, public route,
private route, and so on.
Now, this one is interesting.
It introduces us to another function here.
It says, the function is Join.
Join is exactly as it sounds,
it will take several strings or several values,
put them together, and output that value.
So in this case, I'm creating a value that says Udacity project dash public dash nets,
this is my public subnets,
and this time, it's formatted as a list.
There's a reason for it.
Some resources such as auto scaling and
load balancer will require a list of resources, not just one.
So in this case, we're creating a list thinking ahead of this.
So what we're doing here is we have PublicSubnet1, PublicSubnet2,
and those are the IDs because you're doing a ref,
so it's going to those resources,
getting the ID and putting it here in this list.
Those values are going to be joined together by
the Join function using a comma separator.
So in the end, you end up with a list that says the value of PublicSubnet1,
the value of PublicSubnet2.
Those are the IDs, of course.
Then you'd be able to access that list with the variable that says EnvironmentName,
in this case, UdacityProject-PUB-NETS.
I have a similar lists for private subnets in case I need it,
and it goes on down the line.
Basically, sharing the specific subnets IDs in case you
just need one for whatever reason. Then that's it.